Previously on
Criminal Minds: Evolution...
Moving now will give Henry
some time to make some memories
at the new place
before he moves away
to some dorm somewhere.
He'll probably
stay on the east coast?
California's always been
on his list.
- How long are you out for?
- Contractor said two.
maybe three weeks.
- Thank you for this.
- Mm.
Why conduct these interviews?
So we can learn how Lee Duval
became Elias Voit
became Sicarius.
You think. if I walk you
through everything.
you'll be able
to stop someone else?
Welcome to The Sicarius Files.
May I call you Elias?
Oh!
It's sad how pathetic I am.
But you know
what's even more pathetic?
Someone who makes
a show about it.
And anyone who listens to it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What do you want?
There's cash in the bedroom
upstairs. all right?
Just take it.
Take anything you want.
Please. just leave us alone.
You believe money will free you?
Yeah.
That's what you want. right?
No.
Heresy.
Heresy is the reason I'm here.
- Heresy?
- What are you talking about?
Confess.
I don't understand
what you're talking about.
For God's sake. just tell him.
Tell him what? I don't know!
I don't know! Whatever you did.
Tell me!
- Christ!
- No! No!
- Please...
- Tell me!
Please. Please.
We have a son.
Okay. all right.
I confess.
What?
The truth is...
It was me. all right?
I was the one.
I ordered the layoffs
at the company last year. okay?
Oh. God. Charles.
I know. I know. I know.
We didn't need to do it.
but we did. all right?
And if you were
one of those people. I...
I'm sorry.
All right? I-It was a mistake.
We shouldn't have done it.
He can... he can
make this right.
- You can do that. can't you?
- Uh.
yes. of course. of course I can.
See? He can fix this for you.
Uh. this can be all over.
and you can let us go.
Yeah. I-I sw...
I-I swear to God.
Yeah. I...
Yeah. I swear.
- Just go. No!
- I sw... - Yes!
Oh. my God!
"One's work
may be finished someday.
but one's education? Never."
Alexandre Dumas.
All of these pages.
and they're not photoshopped?
No. In fact.
forensics confirmed
that ink was pressed to paper
with the typebars
of an analog typewriter.
Jesus.
I mean. the time and effort.
Someone really
did not appreciate
Voit calling them pathetic
on Garrity's podcast.
How seriously
should we take this?
Voit thinks "very seriously."
He thinks it's a threat?
He thinks it's intended
to get his undivided attention.
Like some crazy.
disillusioned fan?
Who now has something to prove.
So. we could be
looking at Voit's
very own Mark David Chapman.
I assume no prints
were recovered?
Or DNA.
But based on the postmark.
we believe it was
deposited in a drop box
somewhere
in Kensington. Pennsylvania.
It's a neighborhood
in Northeast Philly.
Okay. well. that narrows
it down. doesn't it?
It does.
Have you followed up
with Voit yet?
Um. I'm gonna head there now.
- Keep me updated.
- Absolutely.
Okay. so...
pretty sure I am being ghosted
by my son.
Oof. Three texts and no reply.
That's... teenagers.
Henry's gone MIA before.
but this?
This is like
texting with a monk.
Probably overwhelmed.
You know. college applications
and everything. I...
Maybe why
he wants to stay local.
Local?
Wait. what are you
talking about?
I-I told him
he should talk to you.
- I-I guess...
- This is the first
I'm hearing about it.
- What... what do you mean?
- Oh.
I'm interrupting.
My doves. there is something
out in Colorado that
desperately needs our attention.
Sorry. Let's go.
Okay.
Uh...
My people.
the crossword clue
of the day is "heresy."
as in "sacrilege."
"blasphemy." "heathenism."
I bring this up because we have
an unsub in Colorado Springs
who has killed
at least two women
by beating them to death with...
dear Goddess... a sledgehammer.
but not before accusing
the latest victim. Mary Tolson.
of... you guessed it... heresy.
Leaving a living witness
is a pretty bold statement.
And risky. considering
he's not concealing his face.
Penelope. have either
surviving spouses
met with a sketch artist?
Yeah. but the descriptions
were so vague
that local PD
don't think they're any help.
He must present as very average.
hard to identify.
especially since he's also
getting in and out
of the victims' homes unseen.
And that speaks to a high level
of organization and planning.
Coupled with an explosive rage.
I-I mean.
to-to use a sledgehammer
to essentially destroy a family
for some kind of...
what. perceived sin?
Time-out. All men. please
immediately go to therapy.
Thank you. Time back in.
But the fact remains
that he is-is not
committing physical violence
against the whole family.
No. he's inflicting
emotional violence
to the surviving family.
Especially to the husbands.
since it appears the unsub
broke into the homes
after the teenage children
left for school.
So. sparing those kids
from actually
having to witness the violence
could speak to the unsub's
own history of trauma.
And maybe the heresy
this unsub perceives
has something to do
with a fucked-up way
of protecting them.
All right. Dave. Tyler.
we are headed
to Colorado Springs.
Luke. JJ. I need you two
to stay behind and help Tara
with Voit.
Looks like he has sparked
a fire that we are going
to have to put out.
Laundry crew from C block.
authorized to work area three...
Laundry crew from C block
authorized to work area three.
You struck quite a nerve
out there.
Whoever this was
couldn't help himself.
He had to respond.
With... geometry?
This all means something to him.
I bet he typed up
dozens and dozens of these
that weren't "good enough"
to send.
Okay. So you're saying
he's patient.
I'm saying he's precise.
He's like you.
The old you.
He aspires to be.
All right. so you don't think
he's committed
an act of violence yet?
I don't.
This sort of focus...
it's transference.
He's still evolving.
All right. But this kind
of transference...
not to mention
a highly developed
obsessive-compulsive disorder...
- may be innocuous on their own...
- Yeah.
but mix the two together. it
can take you into the darkness.
especially when you've suffered
an injury to your ego.
Yeah.
Thanks to you.
I was a little pissed off
when I went at Garrity. okay?
And. yes. I maybe...
I maybe could've chosen
my words a little more wisely.
but I...
And you should have.
You said it yourself:
your celebrity
carries influence.
This guy is just looking
for a reason to get started.
This isn't gonna be
the last time he reaches out.
Yeah.
Well...
that's what we're counting on.
He zip-tied Mary Tolson.
dragged her.
Same drag marks
from the legs of the chairs
were at the house
of victim one. Zoe Faldo.
He's making the victims
face their husbands
before he kills them.
Maybe he's shaming the wives?
Maybe because
he has his own wife
that he blames for the end
of their relationship?
Could explain
the explosion of anger.
It's possible.
Lot of unsubs are triggered
by marriages ending.
Why not take out that physical
violence on the entire family?
Why switch
to a psychological torture?
Particularly on the husbands
who are forced to sit and watch.
Ooh. I see those wheels turning.
Let's hear your theory.
Agent Green.
Something feels off
about what happened
between the two victims.
The husband of victim one.
Gary Faldo.
said the unsub knocked him out
before killing his wife.
But he didn't mention the unsub
saying anything about heresy.
And the first time
that word popped up was...
right here. with the Tolsons.
What if-what if Charles Tolson
heard about what happened
with the Faldos...
And he hired a guy to make it
look like the same crime.
Copycat crime.
And he gets to draft
off the media frenzy.
I know it sounds elaborate.
Sometimes the more elaborate.
- the easier it is to mislead.
- Right.
But the only problem
with your theory is...
the blood on the zip ties.
What blood?
Go to the last page.
Thoughts?
Yeah.
Charles Tolson
was trying to get free
when the unsub
started killing his wife.
So much so that he cut
through his own flesh.
Not really the effort you'd make
if you hired the killer.
Not so much.
You knew that the whole time?
What did I tell you?
Reps.
You need more reps.
You always have to run through
a few bad theories
to get to the good ones.
I guess.
Now. you need to start living
in the crime scene more.
Let's. uh... Here.
Take a seat.
Now. I'm the unsub
and I have a sledgehammer.
You're accusing me of heresy.
- What else?
- You're...
demanding answers.
You're interrogating me.
Would I tie you up
just to ask questions?
I have a goal in mind.
You have me facing my spouse.
And you are accusing me.
And?
So...
I'm on trial.
He's putting them on trial.
For heresy.
Mr. Tolson. I know this isn't easy...
My son is at my sister's house
asking over and over
what's going on.
I mean.
what am I supposed to say?
Can't even take him home.
Hell. you won't even
let me go home.
I'm so sorry.
And I know that it's not easy
to integrate back
into your daily life after this.
Mary. she did so much for us.
I feel so lost.
I should've helped more.
I mean. who c-who could do this?
We think she was
specifically targeted
for a reason that ties
to this man's religious beliefs.
Did your wife hold
any present-day beliefs
that might have been in conflict
with certain religions?
No. I...
I-I don't-I don't think so.
We didn't really talk
about that stuff.
Now. you said that the man
was difficult to describe.
No defining characteristics.
But was there
anything else about him
that spoke to
a particular theology?
Um. do you recall
any tattoos
or jewelry?
Yes.
He was wearing this...
this necklace.
I remember when he was...
- Please. No!
- Yes!
...killing her.
it kept swinging around.
Was there
any kind of symbol on it?
There was something
hanging from it.
Like a medallion?
It was like a vial.
A vial?
Was there something
inside of it?
Go ahead. Emily.
Dave. I need you and Tyler
to check and see
if you can find a crystal-like
substance sprinkled
in the corners of the house.
Crystals?
Must have been an interesting
convo with Mr. Tolson.
Yeah. Heartbreaking. too.
They always are.
Wait.
Hey. what's this?
I got something.
Well. what do we have here?
Sodium chloride.
Aka salt.
Same salt was just
found at the Faldos'.
In several traditions.
placing salt
in the corners of a room
is part of a cleansing ritual.
Right. It represents the power
to ward off evil spirits.
You remember Robin Gecht?
Uh. he led a group of men
to mutilate women
and perform satanic rituals.
I do.
This could be similar.
But weren't those victims
of opportunity?
In this case.
based on the crime scenes.
our unsub is targeting
specific families.
Not just the family.
The women.
And call me biased
by my experience.
but when I hear
accusations of heresy
and guys performing
salt rituals.
I think witch hunts.
Ready to confess?
No?
Huh.
Look at you.
Yes.
You women.
You crazy fuck!
You want to kill a heretic?!
Is that what you want?! Huh?!
Kill this witch. asshole!
Kill this witch!
No.
No!
No! Andrew.
- Hey.
- Hi.
FCI Butler just intercepted
another message from Voit's fan.
We know that it's him for sure?
Same typeface. same postmark.
same forensic countermeasures.
What's the message?
No words this time.
Instead...
he sent these.
Photos of a Jane Doe.
We got nothing
from facial recognition?
Her face is obscured just enough
to stonewall the algorithm.
Not an accident. I'm sure.
Now that he's got
Voit's attention.
he wants to play a game.
Catch me if you can.
You see the t-tree right there?
Uh. the trunk
is broad and straight.
The leaves grow out
in little stalks.
Um. evergreen.
It's an eastern hemlock.
Yeah. it's the state tree
of Pennsylvania.
It's my home state. guys.
All right. well.
I'd say we know where we need
to start running DMV photos.
Mrs. Blair. I'm...
SSA David Rossi.
It's my fault.
It's not your fault.
I baited him
into killing Andrew.
You did nothing wrong.
You don't understand.
- You can't.
- No.
I'd heard about the attacks
on the news.
The women who were killed.
I thought
maybe I could distract him.
Mrs. Blair.
Previously. this man
had targeted women.
You're right.
But. um...
I know this is
gonna sound strange.
But this man may have believed
that your husband was involved
in the occult.
What are you talking about?
I-I... I-I know.
But is it possible?
Not at all.
Andrew didn't believe
in any of that kind of shit.
Could he have
hidden it from you?
Agent Rossi.
We were married
for over 20 years.
We had no secrets.
Even when
he tried to hide the...
Never mind.
I know you're being
very protective
of your husband right now.
Was Andrew having an affair?
The thing is.
when I first caught him.
I was so ready for a divorce.
But then I thought
about our daughter.
And I just couldn't
put her through that.
We were in counseling.
working on rebuilding trust.
And besides your counselor.
did you speak to anyone else
about your husband's infidelity?
Of course not.
Are you sure?
That has nothing to do
with what happened.
An insane son of a bitch
broke into our home...
mumbling some crazy shit
about heresy!
And if I would've just kept
my goddamn mouth shut.
Andrew would still be alive!
That's not...
Please. just leave.
So. from what Tawny Blair said.
Rossi suspects
that the unsub isn't
actually targeting witches.
he's going after adulterers?
Based on this unsub's
obsessive medieval M.O..
back in the Middle Ages.
the act of infidelity would.
by definition. make you a witch.
whether you were
a male or a female.
Okay.
But if this guy's
trying to punish people
who break their marriage vows.
why does he need to dress it
all up in medieval judgment?
Well. Rossi has a theory
about that.
But at the moment.
the question is.
how does our unsub know
that his victims
are straying from their vows?
Oh.
Okay.
Good Witch Garcia.
what can I spell you for?
Okay. Penelope.
new theory on victimization.
Say more.
We think our unsub
is passing judgment
on spouses who cheat
because he believes
that's what makes them witches.
Okay. can I just say.
aside from the killing.
I find this unsub's behavior
very sex-negative.
He doesn't know those people.
Could be an open relationship.
Well. somehow he knows
they aren't.
So we need you
to take a closer look
at the patterns
of our first two victims.
Is there anything
about their financial habits
that speaks
to extramarital activities?
All right. let's see
if this is adultery
or just witches be shoppin'.
Oh.
All right.
It probably is the former.
Mating in captivity
can cause wandering.
I am seeing
some short flight turnarounds
and a handful
of cash withdrawals
that do line up
with boutique hotel purchases.
So. all criteria points
to afternoon delight dalliances.
Okay. can you cross-reference
those records
with our latest victim and see
if there's any kind of match?
I sure can. but that's
gonna take more bubble. bubble.
toil and trouble.
I'll hit you back.
Found it.
The Malleus Maleficarum.
It's our unsub's
instruction manual.
Huh. First published in 1486.
the Malleus Maleficarum
is a treatise on witchcraft.
endorsing death and torture
as viable forms of justice.
Malleus Maleficarum
literally translates
to "Hammer of Witches."
Explains the murder weapon.
Guessing this wasn't
on your Goodreads list. Dave.
No. but you mentioning
Robin Gecht reminded me
of my history with it.
What kind of history?
Well. back in the '80s.
there was
a lot of satanic panic
with the unsubs' use
of demonic symbolism.
Richard Ramirez
and the Fall River murders
created media storms.
Gideon and I thought
that the hysteria was overblown.
so we started studying
anything and everything we could
about the occult.
And that book
just stuck in my mind.
"The infidelity of witches
stands out
as the greatest of sins."
Yeah. and the book demands
that witches be led in backwards
in the presence of judges
and that the judges carry
consecrated salt
around their necks.
So our unsub's
entire ritualization
is inside these pages.
But nobody is gonna find this
with just some basic
Internet browsing.
This guy's highly educated.
Yes. And his obsession
with this book means
that it had
to have been introduced to him
at a moment
of profound emotional trauma.
Causing him to latch on
to its violent ideals
and justify
his own hatred for adulterers.
It's time
we deliver the profile.
Our unknown subject
is a white male.
early 30s
to mid-40s.
We believe this individual
is lashing out following
a triggering experience
with a loved one.
He's organized and highly educated.
He is compulsively driven
by an obsessive adherence
to an obscure
15th century religious text
that has been disavowed
by the Church.
This person is able to fit in
or-or. at the very least.
he's able to go unnoticed
in his daily life.
We suspect he is
a part-time worker
or an independent contractor.
But however he earns a living.
this unsub has
a close connection to the
spouses he intends to target.
That's how he identifies
the transgression
in the marriage.
Our unsub sees himself
as a moral enforcer.
There's nothing that
will satisfy his need to punish.
Which means
we need to work fast.
Good luck.
Level 1 inmates.
line up for phone calls.
Level 1 inmates. line up
for phone calls.
No.
I don't recognize her.
That's all he sent?
That's it.
Okay. well. he must have been
holding on to these
for a long time.
She's his obsession.
Don't you mean his victim?
Potential victim.
You know. otherwise.
why wouldn't he just
send me pictures of her body?
Taunting me.
Because he can do
what you can't.
He's trying to show off.
To prove he's not pathetic.
Here's the thing...
he knows your mail is monitored.
He knows he needs to take
forensic countermeasures.
He knows you'd share this
with the FBI.
Yeah. and still.
he's not 100% positive
that he's smarter than me.
Yeah. this would be
one way to prove it.
Test of skills.
Game on.
You've already identified her.
haven't you?
Fastest game of Carmen Sandiego
I've ever played.
Laura Boyd.
She is an intern
at Eisendale Publishing.
Yeah.
Says here she's currently
enrolled at Warding University
as a graduate student.
That's just outside
of Philadelphia.
Yeah. So. one month ago.
she deleted all
of her social media accounts.
Something must've spooked her.
More like someone.
- Marshals on their way?
- Yeah.
She's already
in protective custody.
and she is not happy about.
Yeah. that's because she has
no idea what kind of danger
- she's in.
- Well. hopefully
she can shed some light
on Voit's secret admirer.
I just don't
understand why you can't tell me
what I'm doing here.
Ms. Boyd.
SSA Jennifer Jareau.
This is SSA Luke Alvez.
Hey.
Please. take a seat.
The marshals insisted
they couldn't tell me
what the hell is going on.
I just don't understand.
And I'm kind of freaking out.
I can assure you. you're safe.
Safe from what?
We'd like to show you something.
Okay.
Do you recognize these?
Yeah. My. um...
my ex-boyfriend took them.
When we were still dating.
What's your ex's name?
Lance.
Lance Kingston.
Motherfucker.
I knew I should've gotten
a restraining order.
Why would you need that?
Because he started out
as this total prince
and then he turned out to be
a complete stalker nutjob.
I mean. he was
my supervisor at work.
We sort of vibed. and then...
he just gave me the ick
like crazy.
- So you broke it off with him?
- And he did not like that.
What did he do?
Did he get violent?
No. He just...
...couldn't let go.
I mean. everywhere I went.
he was just lurking
around the corner.
Even online.
He was posting shit about me
in the comments.
That's why
you got off social media.
Had to.
And then he started showing up
to my grad lectures.
That's when I called the cops.
- but...
- They couldn't do anything.
After he found out
I called the cops. he...
blew up at work.
screaming.
It really scared me.
- Did anyone see it?
- Everybody.
Got his ass fired.
Has he tried
to reach out to you since?
Probably.
I don't know.
I mean. I moved since then.
Changed my number.
Please tell me.
did he hurt someone
or something?
Is that why you brought me here?
- I-I wish we could tell you more...
- I get it.
You're doing your job.
But like I said.
he went apeshit
when I called the cops.
Can you imagine what he'll do
if the FBI come knocking
on his door?
Shit.
Seconded.
That's the last person
even remotely connected
to the Faldos. the Tolsons
and the Blairs.
Everybody either has an alibi
or isn't tied
to all of the families.
Garcia's confirmed
the victims weren't having
affairs with the same person.
And not even the kids
know each other.
The kids.
What about 'em?
The morning
the Blairs were attacked.
the daughter had
a free period at school.
She got off to a late start.
I'm thinking maybe...
- No.
- Hey.
Don't second-guess.
Let the theory
come to you this time.
The bus stop
for the Blairs' house is-is...
it's a half block away
around the corner.
You can't see the bus
and the front door
at the same time.
So he'd only know
the kid was gone
and the parents were alone
if he stalked the street
all morning.
But the news coverage this case
has gotten is everywhere.
All of Colorado Springs
is on high alert.
If someone
was lingering around that long.
the family or a neighbor
would've called the cops.
I think our unsub knows the
kid's schedule ahead of time.
Look. at first we suspected
maybe he was trying to protect
the victims' children
from having to witness
the violence.
Maybe that's
because he knows them.
What if...
what if he's actually
closer to the kids
than he is to their parents?
Then we need to know how.
because tomorrow morning.
he's likely gonna strike.
Uh-uh. not so fast.
Oh. thanks. Mom.
Thanks. Dad.
Yeah. I'm surprised
you actually use that thing
and not some tablet.
That's because I prefer school
instead of wasting my day
on Minecraft.
We're really
proud of you. sweetie.
Yeah.
And know who else would be?
Your brother.
- I know. I know.
- Love you.
- I love you.
- Have a good day. honey.
- Bye. Dad.
- Bye. babe.
I should get ready for work.
Yeah.
Oh. and don't forget about...
Therapy. Tonight.
I almost did.
Hey.
What about dinner later?
We could get a babysitter and...
Does she need a sitter still?
Can we try for the weekend.
babe? I mean. work
- is just...
- Yeah. Sure.
You know what?
Screw it.
Let's go out later.
- That sound good?
- Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
I'm gonna finish getting ready.
Okay.
Delores!
Into photography. Mr. Kingston?
Yeah.
That's a crime now?
Depends.
You share those with anybody?
You're not gonna frame me
for something.
I'm not that pathetic.
Interesting choice of words.
You must really think
I'm an idiot.
How does the FBI get ahold
of these pictures. huh?
Illegal search much?
You are more than welcome
to file a complaint
with the Department of Justice.
- That's my girlfriend.
- Was.
Was your girlfriend.
We're taking a break.
- I've done nothing wrong.
- Mm-hmm.
I did a background check on you.
Background?
You're serious?
Two years ago. you spent
a couple nights in a drunk tank.
uh... oh. and then
there were those
assault charges. Mm.
Oh. no. I see you paid
a service to. um.
get all this stuff
wiped from the Internet.
You should really get your. uh.
your money back. there.
Oh. and I see
you are looking for a new job.
That's exciting.
I don't know. I wonder...
Do you think future employers
would be interested
in this part of your résumé?
Fuck this noise.
Okay.
Huh.
I can see now why Ms. Boyd
broke it off with you.
Figures she'd mention that.
Bitch.
Are you familiar with
the Federal Correctional
Institution. Butler?
No. Is that supposed
to intimidate me?
Are you familiar
with Elias Voit?
You mean the serial killer?
So. you have heard of him?
Yeah. who the fuck hasn't?
Listen.
How about this?
How about I'm done with whatever
this entrapment operation is?
Hold me for something
or I'm peacing out.
Okay.
Well. he has a mouth on him.
Aggression. narcissism.
he knows exactly
what lines he can
and can't cross.
He did admit
to taking those photos.
But did he send them to Voit?
You don't sound convinced.
Well. Lance...
Lance seems. uh...
A little too
emotionally erratic?
Mm-hmm. Now he's. uh.
getting a bit cagey.
Without some kind of confession.
I don't... I don't know
how we confirm he's Voit's fan.
You know what? I. uh...
I have an idea.
What's this?
Uh. it's just a standard release
indicating that you came here
voluntarily.
Just gonna need
your John Hancock
- at the bottom right there.
- Who?
Whatever.
I know. it's a lot
to take in. right?
- No. I just need a pen.
- Okay.
Shit.
Great.
Thanks for your cooperation.
He didn't even flinch
when that pen leaked.
Not one bit.
And based on our profile.
whoever wrote Voit
suffers from an
obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Right. and if Lance
was that guy.
he would have lost his shit
when that ink
went all over the place.
Okay. so.
Lance took the photos...
But there's no way
he mailed them.
I mean. he didn't even know
they were stolen.
So. Voit's fan is certainly
following in his footsteps.
So he would have to have
the technological know-how
- to access Lance's digital domain.
- Right.
And I'm starting to think
that he deliberately
offered up this Lance guy here
for our consideration.
- Yeah. it does.
- I'll tell you something else.
I am not feeling great about
releasing Lance
back in to Laura's orbit.
No. yeah.
I don't think a stern warning
- is gonna keep that guy away.
- Yeah. me neither.
But...
maybe there is a way
that we can drive the point home
that he needs to keep
his distance from Laura.
Okay. How?
Little extra muscle?
Who the fuck are you?
I'm the guy
you need to listen to.
You see that camera up there?
I know.
You're watching me.
You know why we're watching you?
No.
We're watching you
for your own protection.
Protection?
- What do you...
- We know you took
those pictures of Laura.
Okay? But the person
that we're looking for
has been keeping eyes on you.
We need to find that guy
so that you're no longer
a person of interest.
but we're running out of time.
Because pretty soon.
we're not going to be able
to watch over you.
- Mm. That's fucking fine by me.
- No. it's not fine.
You need someone
checking in on you.
You're the type of guy.
you've picked a fight
with almost everyone
in your life and lost.
From employers
to your own mother.
My mother loves me.
Lance. when you came in here.
you volunteered your phone.
That's how we found
the photos of Laura.
But we also noticed that there
were a lot of outgoing calls
to your mom.
No return calls.
Not even a text.
She's...
She says she's busy.
I'm sure she is.
That's not my point.
My point
is that you need someone
to check in on you.
Without that. I mean.
you could go missing
and no one would notice.
Not for a long time.
Maybe ever.
If you bother Laura again.
I won't like that.
You hear me?
Yeah. I hear you.
Leave Laura alone.
Muscle.
So. if the victims' kids
don't know each other.
how can the unsub be connected
to all three families?
Garcia cross-referenced
their social groups.
school and extracurricular.
Nothing popped up.
What about school staff?
The guy blends
into the background.
I mean. it's not like
the kids confide in him
but more that he can eavesdrop
on their conversations.
Sure. If the kids knew their
parents were having problems.
they'd talk
to friends at school.
We know he's highly educated.
so we would definitely qualify
to teach history
- or English.
- But what teacher works
at three different schools
in three different districts?
A part-time one.
A substitute.
I hinge on your every need. sir.
How can I help?
Penelope. cross-reference
the schools
where our victims' kids
were enrolled in.
We're looking for the name
of a substitute teacher
employed by all three.
Focus on anyone
with advanced
education credentials.
Got it. Overqualified
temporary employee...
Mm...
Wait. Do I have it?
I just might. Sean Fincher.
He's a substitute teacher.
he specializes
in advanced history.
and I got pay stubs
from all three schools.
Is there anything else
we need to know?
Uh. I'm searching
court records right now.
Oh. wow.
When Sean was 15. his
fire-and-brimstone pastor pop
beat his mom to death.
C.O.D.:
blunt force trauma to the head.
and the father is currently
spending life in prison.
Does Sean have any other family?
Uh...
Well. he had a wife. Marta.
She filed for divorce
four weeks ago
and she moved herself
and their son Elijah
to Tempe. Arizona.
That's what triggered him.
Garcia. what is the last class
Fincher taught?
The parents
of one of those students
has to be his next target.
I-I... I'm searching
at warp speed.
Are you ready to confess?
Look. I don't know who you are.
but don't do this.
Are you ready?
This is a mistake.
Please.
Oh. my God.
Confess your heresy.
Heresy? Oh. God.
Tell him. Brenton.
Just tell him.
What?
Tell him or I will.
It's got to be why he's here.
No.
My husband cheated on me.
Ugh. Jesus.
That's what he has to confess.
Goddamn it. Okay.
All right. I-I confess.
- Is that what you want?
- Shh!
Judgment will be cast...
No. no. wait.
I thought that...
...and punishment rendered.
- No. no. please.
- Fuck you.
- Fuck you!
- You haven't heard my confession!
Penelope. have you found
the student?
Yes. Kima Woodrow.
Her father Brenton has had
a lot of spendy dinners
while her mom. Delores.
has been out of town.
Okay. we'll have locals
pick Kima up from school.
Send us the Woodrows'
home address.
It's sent. Be careful.
You want the truth?
I cheated. too.
Judgment will be...
Just do what you got to do.
goddamn it!
No. wait. wait.
She's lying. okay?
- She's just trying to save me.
- Silence!
I have only one question
before I render judgment.
Who committed the heresy first?
Kima deserves so much better
than you both.
Kima? What?
You son of a bitch.
you know my daughter?
How the fuck
do you know my daughter?
How about our son?
Do you even know
what happened to him?
I need him to understand
what we've been through.
Understand what?
That I killed our boy?
- Don't say that.
- No.
It's true.
I was the one driving.
It was me.
Nico should still be here.
It was an accident.
And I forgave him.
- And he's forgiven me.
- Yeah.
Doesn't that matter?
Yes.
Oh. fuck.
No. please. Please!
- No!
- FBI! Sean Fincher. drop your weapon!
Oh. my God.
Mom! Dad!
Oh. God. Kima.
Thank God you're okay.
Tough watching two sides of the
coin play out in front of you.
If I'd thought of the
kids theory a half-step sooner.
maybe Sean Fincher
doesn't have to die.
And what if you'd have been
a half-step slower?
Delores and Brenton are dead.
That's right. Then we could've
lost two more innocent people.
It's easy to see the glass
as half-empty right now.
but experience has taught us...
- Glass is half-full?
- No.
The question you need
to ask yourself is
did you do the job right?
And if the answer is yes.
fuck the glass.
I just updated Prentiss.
Uh. Laura Boyd's going to have
a security escort
for the time being.
and I seriously doubt
that Lance Kingston's
going to go anywhere near her
anytime soon.
Well. you were
pretty persuasive.
Hey. Um...
I just...
- I just wanted to say thank you.
- For what?
The thing with Henry.
Did you guys talk?
No. Not yet.
But...
the more I think about it.
it just...
I don't know.
it just makes me happy
that he was able to talk to you.
Someone from our team.
Honestly. it's-it's been
good for me. too.
You know? To get to lend a hand
with the boys and...
just to be like an uncle
to them.
Whether you know it or not...
...you and Penelope...
you're... you're like
my extra eyes and ears.
You know. my village.
helps me care for the boys.
And. um...
look. as much
as I want him to have
that college dorm experience.
it's... it's his decision.
He'll tell you when he's ready.
Yeah. he will.
Ugh. kids.
They... they just zap your
worry button with no warning.
Well. I saw
some of that same worry
on Henry's face when he told me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Wh-What... what is he
so worried about?
I don't know.
But I'm willing to bet
that he's ready to tell you.
Thanks.
Hey.
What? Is-is everything okay?
Oh. everything's fine.
Come on.
What time is it?
It's family time.
- Aren't you. like. super tired?
- Mm.
You know. a few years ago.
I would've said.
"No. I'm not tired."
Would've pushed through it. but
the truth is...
I'm exhausted.
What's with the ice cream?
Because. as tired as I am...
...nothing makes me happier than
sharing something sweet
with my firstborn.
Mom?
Yeah?
About college...
Luke told you. didn't he?
Well. you are turning into
quite the profiler. aren't you?
So why the change of heart?
I want to go. I promise.
Mm-hmm.
But. after Dad.
and now the move...
It's-it's been a lot
for all of us.
I don't know. I thought...
maybe if I stayed a while longer
it would be helpful.
Henry.
You don't have to give up
something to help me.
All right?
What-what really helps me
is knowing that you're happy.
And what also helps me is
knowing what's going on in that
- big. beautiful brain of yours.
- Stop.
Oh. you know I can't.
Are you sure you're gonna
be okay if I go?
Everything's gonna be all right.
I promise.
Okay then.
I think I'm gonna go to college.
Maybe somewhere in California?
Then I am right behind you.
Always.
Mm.
This is Laura's ex-boyfriend.
Lance Kingston.
He is the one who took
those photos.
But he's not the guy
who sent it to you.
Turns out your fan stole them.
Apparently. he just lifted them
right out of digital thin air.
- Malware in the ISP.
- Yeah.
Definitely not pathetic.
No. he's feeling pretty good
about himself right now.
Well. he's certainly feeling
smarter than all of us.
So. the Laura Boyd photos...
those were like
a Trojan Horse. right?
Intended to evaluate
our response.
Yeah. you can probably save
a lot of man-hours and money
by pulling off
her protective detail.
Laura Boyd doesn't mean anything
to him personally.
J...
She's young. Caucasian. blonde.
He chose her
to grab your attention.
You're thinking that this fan
is presuming
missing white woman syndrome?
Odds are in his favor. yeah?
Well... Laura was also chosen
because he knew
Lance was stalking her.
and he could only
have known that
- because he was stalking Lance.
- Mm-hmm.
And so. if he's
in Lance's digital life.
then. as soon as Lance goes home
and starts firing off
angry e-mails.
he's gonna know all about your
interrogation strategies.
your profiling methods. your...
Our whole fucking playbook.
Yeah.
He knew you were never gonna
be able put Lance behind bars.
Wait. where's Lance now?
♪ The flames... ♪
We don't know.
♪ Lick at... ♪
Are we gonna find a body?
I don't...
♪ Their hearts... ♪
All I know is the first kill
is the one
that you fantasize about.
It's special.
Lance... he's just
a means to an end.
He's a sacrificial pawn.
Even if you found his body.
there'd be nothing to profile.
His...
his-his death is just
part of this guy's greater goal.
And what's that?
To emulate his idol.
He'll gather as much information
as possible
to learn everything he can.
so that you...
♪ Burn... ♪
...you can never catch him.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm